---
layout: post
title: Final!
---

#My Thoughts

This class was an experience that was unlike any other class I had taken. Downing's unorthodox lecture style is a style that most lecturers probably couldn't replicate, but I wish they did. Because Downing constantly keeps his students on his toes, my fear of being called on at a time when I was dozing off forced me to constantly pay attention and soak in as much information as I could. While most experiences I had in this class were positive, there were some things that I felt could be done differently. I want to talk about all the technologies that Downing added to the projects. I understand that the purpose of them was to get us accustomed to the technologies that tech companies use but for a lot of us it was our first time using some of the tech. For example, in my personal experience, Docker did not work on my personal laptop. I spent a week trying to figure out why - I went out and bought windows10 education, I went to office hours, I sought out help from friends, but to no avail. I ended up using my girlfriend's laptop for the 3 days before the Collatz project was due. THEN, though I finished collatz and had uVa accept my code, I still received a bad grade due to my inexperiences with these tools, like doxygen and html. Again, I felt like this was a positive experience and I would recommend this class to people who are considering it in the future, but I would suggest loosening up on enforcing the use of these technologies. I don't feel that someone's grade should be punished for not understanding what or why a certain tool is needed for.

In any case, I'm super thankful for this class and Downing!

Regards,

Jamie Out
