---
layout: post
title: OOP week four!
---

# What have you done this past week?

This past week was the busiest of the semester thus far. I spent a lot of time prepping for career fair on Tuesday - imagining how I would explain my previous projects and jobs and trying to prepare for questions that I thought recruiters would ask me. Career fair was exhausting but an extremely positive experience. After career fair, I finished up homework for my Algorithms course and me and my partner scrambled to finish Netflix, which went surprisingly well as we had an RMSE of .97 and experiened just a handful of minor hiccups. All this on my plate sprinkled in with interviews makes for a pretty tired Jamie.

In class this week, Downing has begun talking about iterators and how we can use them to write functions like 'equals' and 'copy' for multiple parameters without having to reuse code. Downing also had a speaker come in from JPL and demo some of the really cool work that him and his team were doing.

# What's in your way?

One of the biggest obstacles my partner and I had to overcome in this Netflix project was just our inexperiences in C++. I felt like the official C++ documentation online was confusing at times. Like we'd look something up, and think that we'd found the method or the data structure that we wanted, only to find that we were completely wrong an hour later.

# What will you do next week?

Well now that we have a lull in OOP projects, I can focus on studying for my algorithms test on wednesday and catching up on readings in all my classes. I have an interview on monday and hopefully will get a handful more in the weeks to come.

# Tip-of-the-Week

It is likely that many people in the class already have more experience than me when it comes to getting a job or an internship but for people who are doing it for the first time, recruiting season can be an intimidating and stressful time. Students are paying a lot of money in tuition and housing to improve their job candidacies so there is a lot of pressure to see their efforts come to fruition. There are a handful of things you can do to put yourself in the best position possible to get a job for the summer. 

First and foremost, put a lot of work into your resume. What you include in your resume could be the difference between a company offering you an interview or not, so don't be afraid to get as many opinions on your resume as possible. Next, believe in the Law of Large Numbers and don't be afraid of rejection (I used the same rules for finding a high school prom date. Proven and tested.) Apply to 100 jobs to get those 10 interviews for that one offer. Finally, believe in yourself. Anything can be learned and even if you don't have certain skills now, have confidence in your ability to learn.

Even if you don't get an offer for the coming summer, take what you've learned and apply it to make yourself a better candidate for next summer. Spend your time in the summer working on a project and refining your skills. There are always ways to improve. Good luck to all who are recruiting this year.
